# Terms of Use
These Terms of Service ("Terms") as declared by the company (referred to as "Staff") govern your access to and use of the services (the "Services" or “Stellate”), and any  information, text, graphics, photos or other materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as "Content"). Your access to and use of the Services are conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. By accessing or using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.

## 1. Basic Terms
You are responsible for your use of the Services, for any Content you post to the Services, and for any consequences thereof. The Content you submit, post, or display will be able to be viewed by other users of the Services and through third party services and websites (go to the account settings page to control who sees your Content). You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others under these Terms.

You may use the Services only if you can form a binding contract with Stellate and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations.

## 2. Privacy
Any information that you provide to Stellate is subject to our [Privacy Policy](http://stellate.cc/privacy), which governs our collection and use of your information. You  understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information. As part of providing you the Services, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your Stellate account, which you may not be able to opt-out from receiving.

## 3. Code of Conduct
Posting or uploading content on the Service can be accessed publicly as further described in our Privacy Policy. Use your common sense when posting content, sending any question or making comments on the Service. Before posting content to the Service, ensure that it abides by our Code of Conduct. You are responsible for all content and involvement on the Service, and you are subject to the rules described [in the Code of Conduct document](http://stellate.cc/conduct).

## 4. Limitation of Liability
Stellate makes no guarantee of availability of service and reserves the right to change, withdraw, suspend, or discontinue any functionality or feature of Stellate's services. In no event shall Stellate be liable for any damages whatsoever. This includes direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of the use of or inability to use Stellate's services or any content thereon.

## 5. Restrictions on Content and Use of the Services
We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, to suspend or terminate users, and to reclaim usernames without liability to you. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, respond to user support requests, or protect  the rights, property or safety of Stellate, its users and the public.

## 6. Maintenance
Stellate may perform maintenance services at any time. You acknowledge that such maintenance may require downtime, and contents or features on Stellate may not load during this time as well as client functionality being turned off.

Stellate requires occasional maintenances to improve, resolve, or update our service. These maintenances can take time, and can result in time without client functionality. We are not responsible for any loss of profile information or any other Content posted on the Service in these times.

## 7. Copyright Policy
Stellate respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do the same. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law and are properly provided to us. If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with the following information: a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf; identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be  removed or access to which is to be turned off, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.

We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing  without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to  you. In appropriate circumstances, Stellate will also terminate a user’s account if the user is determined to be a repeat infringer.
